# Problem

Why would you want to write a computer program? Generally, you do need to write one when you face some specific problem. Otherwise it doesn't make much sense. Any software could be considered accomplished only when it solves some particular problem. Problem is soopa doopa important concept, you must take seriously in order to get the whole picture right.

*Preciseness* is probably the problem's most significant property, since it  determines "what should be done". Here is an example of blurred problem statement: "Some venture company needs a new website". Let's analyze it a little bit. They want you to design a new website for some venture company and that's it. Now you approach this problem and realize that there is a huge variety of possible solutions that would satisfy the problem. An interesting fact: most of them won't really satisfy expectations of that venture company! Here is another example of problem statement, this time, properly constructed: "Some venture company needs a new website, which keeps traditions of its outdated ancestor, in the meantime, satisfying needs of the modern web". Now you know some more information and it helps a lot. Obviously, real-life problems are way more complex and have much more different requirements, but here you need to get the whole concept of the statements' preciseness.

Good problems do reflect rational needs and themself are precise enough for you to approach it properly. You can't teach anyone to tell these apart, this comes with experience. Experience in misunderstanding :)
